c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.exe.config
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.exe
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.pdb
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.g.resources
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.exe
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\CrystalCustoms2.pdb
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Fluent.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\ControlzEx.pdb
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Fluent.pdb
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Fluent.xml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
c:\users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\PermitControl.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\PermitControl.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageApikeys.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageApikeys.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\AppSetting.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\AppSetting.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageAddressBook.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageAddressBook.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageSettlement.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\PermitViewer.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageSettlement.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\PermitViewer.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\SettleControl.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\SettleControl.baml
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageStocks.g.cs
C:\Users\choim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CrystalCustoms2\CrystalCustoms2\obj\Debug\view\ManageStocks.baml
